# Corner-Grocer-Item-Tracking-Program
The program I created is titled “Corner Grocer Item-Tracking Program.”. I created this program to help a small grocery store track the amount/quantity of products they have in stock. This program reads a text file that has the names of products in stock and the quantity of each. The program has a menu with different options. Option one: Prompt a user to input the item, or word, they wish to look for, and return a numeric value for the frequency of the specific word. Option 2: Print the list with numbers that represent the frequency of all items purchased, and the screen output should include every item (represented by a word) paired with the number of times that item appears in the input file. Option Three: Print the same frequency information for all the items in the form of a histogram, and then print the name, followed by asterisks. Option Four: Exit the program. I'm pleased with how well-structured and understandable my code is, as it allows anybody to comprehend or update the program in the future, thanks to the use of logical functions, legible variable names, and explicit comments.

Moreover, the biggest challenge I faced while making this program was calculating the quantity of each product based on the text file provided. To solve this, I cleaned up the data provided before executing the program and then tested multiple times to make sure everything worked as intended. Also, to improve this project, I may include a function that allows reports to be exported to a file or even design a basic interface to make it more engaging. This project really improved my knowledge of C++ loops, data structures, and file input and output. I am confident that these abilities will be helpful in my next coursework and software projects.
